we're currently
in Mar Hospital where this hospital is
now receiving all of the injured people
in kanun we know that there is a ground
invasion in kanun and the hospitals
there are not working when we talk about
the hospitals we're talking about a nser
hospital that is currently being invaded
by the Israeli soldiers here uh the
ambulances are coming and bringing
a lot of injuries and even the dead
bodies from uh Israeli air strikes and
Israel snipers uh it's very hard for
them to move and to transfer these
injured people from hunus to ra because
it's very crowded and and we know that
ra is packed and also all of the
hospitals in the Gaza Strip are
overwhelmed we're talking about only a
limited number of Hospital hospitals
still facilitating in the Gaza Strip
we're currently inside Al OA hospital
and as you see it's crowded with
patients with injuries it's the only
facilitating Hospital in the middle area
last night at least eight houses were
targeted by the Israeli forces and as
you see there it's packed with people
with patients with injuries it's working
on its full
capacity we see people laying on the
floor these people were transferred from
kanun this morning to Al AA
Hospital according to the Palestinian
Ministry of Health they're saying that
there are a lot of patients and refugees
stuck in uh Al nasar hospital and Al
Hospital in kanun they have been
coordinating and waiting for the green
light for the Israelis to give them the
permission to evacuate these Palestinian
Medical Teams the patients in the
hospital and the refugees but people are
calling for everyone to help them
Evacuate the situation in hunis is not
getting any better Rafa is being
threatened for an invasion and darel
balah is still receiving more displaced
refugees in uh the middle area however
the tensions Rises and that Israeli air
strikes continue to Target different
areas across of the Gaza Strip This is
hind Al jaaz ala Hospital d balah